[backport] Support SciPy 1.9 (#6981)
cupy/cupy: docs/source/install.rst

Python Dependencies
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> NumPy/SciPy-compatible API in CuPy v12 is based on NumPy 1.23 and SciPy 1.9, and has been tested against the following versions:

Author: Adjust docs for v11 backport

```suggestion
NumPy/SciPy-compatible API in CuPy v11 is based on NumPy 1.23 and SciPy 1.8, and has been tested against the following versions:
```
